Update one tank docu (#101)
flowcean/flowcean: docs/examples/one_tank.md

```python
class OneTank(OdeSystem[TankState]):
    def __init__(
        self,
        *,
        area: float,
        outflow_rate: float,
        inflow_rate: float,
        initial_t: float = 0,
        initial_state: TankState,
    ) -> None:
        super().__init__(
            initial_t,
            initial_state,
        )
        self.area = area
        self.outflow_rate = outflow_rate
        self.inflow_rate = inflow_rate

    @override
    def flow(
        self,
        t: float,
        state: NDArray[np.float64],
    ) -> NDArray[np.float64]:
        pump_voltage = np.max([0, np.sin(2 * np.pi * 1 / 10 * t)])
        tank = TankState.from_numpy(state)
        d_level = (
            self.inflow_rate * pump_voltage
            - self.outflow_rate * np.sqrt(tank.water_level)
        ) / self.area
        return np.array([d_level])
```

The `OneTank` class describes the differential equation in the `flow` as well as all parameters needed to evaluate it.
The type parameter `TankState` is used to map the general numpy array holding the current state of the simulation to a more tangible representation.

> It can also be used for systems which multiple states where the behavior might change when certain conditions are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state of an `ODESystem` can also be used for systems with multiple states, where the behavior might change when certain conditions are met.
```

> For this example with only a single state the `TankState` class simplify maps the water level in the tank to the first entry in the state vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example with only a single state the `TankState` class simply maps the water level in the tank to the first entry in the state vector
```

```python
class TankState(State):
    water_level: float

    @override
    def as_numpy(self) -> NDArray[np.float64]:
        return np.array([self.water_level])

    @classmethod
    @override
    def from_numpy(cls, state: NDArray[np.float64]) -> Self:
        return cls(state[0])
```

> The ode system can now be constructed by creating an instance of the `OneTank' class with the parameters given above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ODESystem` can now be constructed by creating an instance of the `OneTank` class with the parameters given above
```

```python
    system = OneTank(
        area=5,
        outflow_rate=0.5,
        inflow_rate=2,
        initial_state=TankState(water_level=1),
    )
```

From the system, an `OdeEnvironment` can be constructed

```python
    data_incremental = OdeEnvironment(
        system,
        dt=0.1,
        map_to_dataframe=lambda ts, xs: pl.DataFrame(
            {
                "t": ts,
                "h": [x.water_level for x in xs],
            },
        ),
    ).load()
```

> Beside the ode the time resolution `dt` and a mapping function are passed to the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beside the ODE, the time resolution `dt` and the mapping function `map_to_dataframe` are passed to the constructor.
```
